DOCS-1830: Adds info to API and DOCS regarding Bank Transfer disable_send_email parameter (#972)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/banks/bank-transfer/bank-accounts.md

Please keep in mind that USD (Dollar) is not supported due to the very high transaction and conversion costs for the customer. 

## Email notifications

> If you prefer to send payment instructions to the consumer yourself, you can use the *disable_send_email* parameter in a JSON _Direct_ request. For more information please see our API documentation regarding [Bank transfer](https://docs.multisafepay.com/api/#direct-bank-transfer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to send payment instructions to the customer yourself, set the *disable_send_email* parameter to _false_ in the corresponding API call. In this case, MultiSafepay does not send the customer an email notification.
For more information please see our API documentation regarding [Bank transfer](https://docs.multisafepay.com/api/#direct-bank-transfer)
```
